# The Six Pillars of Self-Esteem

## Introduction

- The book answers four questions about self-esteem: what, why, internals, externals
- The author has upgrade the book so many times - indicates that the author has research this field dedicatedly
- I think the idea of the book is compiled from many resources, and unite in a different terms with the centric one is self-esteem.
- All mental problem seem related to the root of self-esteem
- Even though the subject isn't understood by the popular, people are being more aware of it
- The world has studied more and more about self-esteem, and the term has developed over time and over many cultures, but still, self-esteem is a great concern to figure out
- yeah, the author proposed a question from a conference about does living conciously matter with a certain group of people? Then he stated that most people lack to see their potential and the ability of decision-making in every single moment

## Part 1: Self-Esteem - Basic Principles

### 1. Self-Esteem: The Immune System of Consciousness

- Self-esteem
  - confidence in the ability to think and cope with life's challenges
  - confidence in our right to be happy and successful
- The basic pattern: behaviors and self-esteem complements each other
- The Impact of Self-Esteem: in a single word: "profound"
  - The next part is the observance in all aspects of life: love, workplace,
  - We tend to feel like "at home" with people who resemble the same level of self-esteem as our own
  - Some people struggle with "happiness anxiety"
  - It's a basic need that help us survive
  - Even though we don't have good self-esteem, we still can achieve our goals, but it won't be fulfilling and happy
  - Even though it doesn't immediately solve all problems of our lives, it will help us to achieve our goals
  - In modern world, we need higher education, many life styles. So each individual is required to have higher self-esteem

### 2. The Meaning of Self-Esteem

- Two part of self-esteem: self-efficacy and self-respect
- The root of our need for self-esteem: probably for survival, for the well-being of our own and for our lives
  - We are free of our choices, and we are responsible for the consequences
- Competence: talking about self-efficacy
  - We don't judge our competence, but rather looking at things as success depends on our effort
  - It's not that we won't make errors, it's about how we're confident in fixing our error
- Worthiness: self-respect
  - I forgot to note lol
  - Probably we are lovable even though we have faults, and our worth doesn't change because of our imperfections

### 3. The Face of Self-Esteem

- What does self-esteem look like?
- Discuss many qualities that self-esteem has including: rationality, realism, creativity, intuition, independence, flexibility, willing to admit mistakes, benevolance and cooperative

### 4. The Illusion of Self-Esteem

- Talking about the fact that we may be absorbed by our self-images generated by our self-esteem that we hardly can escape that.
- Pseudo self-esteem:

## Part 2: Internal source of self-esteem

### 5. The Focus on Action

- Here the author talked about the limitations of factors like genes, parents, environment, inner blocks
- The next parts would be about six practices to increase self-esteem of ourselves

### 6. The Practice of Living Consciously

- Talking about the way we treat our consciousness. If we betray it, acting things against it, then our self-esteem will be affected.
- But one thing to discuss here is that there is no single truth, I mean if it's something not that obvious, then what we discuss here isn't that clear.
- Possible Misunderstanding
  - Automation of our brains is necessary, and we don't need to think about everything.
  - Being conscious to something mean we may not focus on other things, and that's our choices
- Being responsible toward reality: active, take joy of our own intelligence, reaching toward facts, etc.
- So many good wills, but I hardly can remember, and the fundamental characteristic of them is living consciously.
- A note on Addictions: to avoid pain, we may use addictions to avoid thinking about our pain, but that's not a good way.
- Consciousness and the body: they are connected (of course)
- Sentence completions: The homework the author've promised in the beginning of the book
  - Living consciously to me means living towards the truth, no avoidance. Just the truth and our predefined values and meanings of life, then acting toward that.
  - If I bring 5 percent more awareness to my activities today, I would have finished a lot of things
  - If I pay more attention to how I deal with people today, but today I haven't seen anyone
  - If I bring 5 percent more awareness to my most important relationships today, I would have called my family
  - Oh, when trying to finish the last sentence, I realized that this exercise is for the morning time - beginning of a day.
  - So you have to reflect on this daily, this is a good thing.
  - About the "5 percent" rule, I think it's kinda religious but yeah, the author must mean that a very little change everyday. For the real number, we don't have any measures
- We also discuss about areas that we seldomly focus on and it's bad now, so that we should pay more attention to it.

### 7. The Practice of Self-Acceptance

- Three levels of self-acceptance:
  - First level: kinda for very low self-esteem people, acknowledging our existence.
  - Second level: accept myself: my thoughts, my feelings, my body, my life, my limitations, my imperfections
  - Third level: the idea of compassion, of being a friend to myself
- It seems like each part has a personal example of the author. 

### 8. The Practice of Self-Responsibility

