# Todos

- [x] Cybersecurity
- [x] pianists-home
    - [] documentation for collab
- [x] Software licences topic
- [] Project management
- [x] Can't hurt me - David Goggins

## Notes

- Best way to drink water, esp. for the mind?

Start the three week challenge by David Goggins

Daily

Wake up at 6, learn a bit then go for breakfast. It's about 7 to 7:30 that I start working again. Then up to about 10 or 10:30 that I have to do cook the lunch.

6:00 Wake up, do a bit of reading. Optimizing: plan the day, do emails,... shallow tasks that allow deep work when we start

6:30-7:00/7:30 breakfast, some chores included

Next: Focus sessions, including breaks

10:00 - 14:00 Lunch + Rest. I really need to optimize this one with better rest, shorter time for cooking. It takes too long time here. I could have done more here

14:00 - 17:00 Focus work, including breaks. I think up to this point, we can relax and spending time for others aspects of my life.

Afternoon: Walking about 30min, cooking dinner, cleaning.

19:30 - 20:00 We have the night here. I often spend time with my gf here, talking to her, helping her. I mean this is not bad at all, I think it's worth it. 

21:00 She has already slept by this point. So the rest of the day should be reading. I often can't get into sleep early. I know I should have stop having intense focus sessions here, so here I should do the shallow tasks including reading blogs, watching videos that support and enhance the quality of highly focus sessions in my day
