# 2024-10-06

- Game 1: Miss Fortune
  - The support was bad. I mean blitzcrank is such a huge gamble, missing Q and he's literally a bot in the game
  - I let the Wukong catching me too much. I don't know, maybe it's part of the support.
  - The laning phase was okay, I don't think I did anything good or bad. It's just I didn't notice that Blitz played so badly and MF is immobile
- Game 2: Tristana
  - As I expected, Tristana is weak in bot lane. She can't even solo with Ezreal. I have many many bad plays too but mostly it was testing.
  - The Rammus in jungle is really annoying. He went Ghost and chase everyone.
  - Beside that, nothing was special. I died once under the turret and just a limit testing. Anyway, Tristana isn't that good in the bot lane right now.
- Game 3: Smolder
  - I've let Leona on the enemy team catch me too much. I mean if I want my Q to hit her, I have to be in her range. But I should only Q her in more favorable situations. Beside that, Kai'sa feels really strong in the current meta. Strong W, good in skirmishes, good in teamfight. Just good overall. What complemented her I think is tank + cc supports are in favourable position in the meta right now.
  - My teammates were really good this game. I don't have to do much. The tear starting item still gives me early stacking on Smolder, but in lower rank, we fight a lot so I have to consider this. I don't have much farm but the stacking rate still good.
- Game 4: Smolder
  - The lane was much more pressured with Jhin and Pyke. My support died a lot in the early game. But in the end, the top laner and mid laner were doing decent, even though the jungler is kinda bad.
  - I died a few times to Pyke and in one 2vs2 situation, my brain was freezed and didn't pay attention to the enemy skills. I must admit that I had a bad performance in this game
  - All of my teammates are decent. The Thresh was decent too except dying a bit in the lane. That's kinda acceptable but we can do better and prevent that from happening.
  - I wonder if I should play early game champions. Smolder is a solid pick but I'm still not mastery him in teamfight
- Game 5: Diana
  - The enemy jungler was really bad. He was always in the wrong place at the wrong time. And my teammates are much more mobile and have early game pressure. I don't understand why does he dare to come to my jungle.
  - Beside that, Blitz really helps with the jungle path. My farming is really solid.
- Game 6: Smolder
  - The Yone was broken but the duo Rell + Ziggs was really strong. If on the reverse situation I would have lost.
- Game 7: Jinx
  - Jinx is definitely a bad pick this game. They have Jarvan, Thresh and Jhin. If I got hit, that's gonna be a nightmare.
  - Remaked
- Game 8: Jhin
  - The support was really really bad. I can't do anything. The rest of the team was bad too. Just a lost that I literally can't do anything. Maybe positioning better but that just won't save the game.

