## Daily Notes

- I just have read a design book. Just until now that I realise that designing has nothing to do with the code. You have to start with UML diagrams and in the end, somehow with whatever the architecture you choose, you gonna have to implement the OOP design into that architecture. Probably that what the prof. has required me to do. My bad.
- At the time, I was focused on the technology, and then somehow my diagrams were about combining the ideas with the framework.
- I'm thinking about this. There is still an ambiguity in my mind. I mean if for pure design, then you would want just the OOP diagrams? I mean there are a lot more to come but, I guess in the end I have to learn about System Design and Architecture.
- Within the next 4 months, I somehow have to learn about architecture and design for my system, and then somehow I got to built a complete system. I have to plan this out.
- My reasoning about this is I wonder if I should put my time on learning design, because there are a lot more to think before making a decision. And I know design is a very important part, but even if I learn it, where would I use it? In big tech companies? Probably? I don't know anymore. I need someone to answer these questions. Then the bridge between design and the implementation is a thing to be considered. I need a very thorough thinking process here, considering all factors.
- When the book says that designing can help make a complex system much easier, I understand that. If not for an intricated design, it's just simply too hard to know what the hell you are talking about when trying to expanding a system.
- I'm so sleepy this morning. Luckily  that I've come to the coffee book shop, at least tried to get something done.
